.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!-- This template is provided for your convenience: feel free to delete it from your PR -->

Make sure your submission meets the following requirements (summarized from the [mod guidelines](https://www.neosmodloader.com/mod-guidelines)):

- [ ] Follow the [schema](https://www.neosmodloader.com/schema). An automated check will validate this PR against the schema.
- [ ] Indent using four spaces. An automated check will validate this PR indents properly.
- [ ] Your NeosMod.Version should match the version in the manifest.
- [ ] You should not monopack libraries into your mod DLL.
- [ ] Do not remove old versions. Instead, use the `deprecated` [flag](https://www.neosmodloader.com/manifest-flags).
- [ ] Indicate platform incompatibilities using the appropriate [flag](https://www.neosmodloader.com/manifest-flags) (for example `broken:linux-native`)
- [ ] Follow the [privacy and security guidelines](https://www.neosmodloader.com/mod-guidelines#privacy-and-security)

If you need help, check out the [submission tutorial](https://www.neosmodloader.com/submission-tutorial) or ask in the [#mod-manifest channel in our Discord](https://discord.gg/YUPK8UsBy4).

Commit message:

Note on reducing merge conflicts (#149)

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!-- This template is provided for your convenience: feel free to delete it from your PR -->

Make sure your submission meets the following requirements (summarized from the [mod guidelines](https://www.neosmodloader.com/mod-guidelines)):

- [ ] Follow the [schema](https://www.neosmodloader.com/schema). An automated check will validate this PR against the schema.
- [ ] Indent using four spaces. An automated check will validate this PR indents properly.
- [ ] Your NeosMod.Version should match the version in the manifest.
- [ ] You should not monopack libraries into your mod DLL.
- [ ] Do not remove old versions. Instead, use the `deprecated` [flag](https://www.neosmodloader.com/manifest-flags).
- [ ] Indicate platform incompatibilities using the appropriate [flag](https://www.neosmodloader.com/manifest-flags) (for example `broken:linux-native`)
- [ ] Follow the [privacy and security guidelines](https://www.neosmodloader.com/mod-guidelines#privacy-and-security)
- [ ] In order to reduce merge conflicts avoid adding mods at the very end of the file.

If you need help, check out the [submission tutorial](https://www.neosmodloader.com/submission-tutorial) or ask in the [#mod-manifest channel in our Discord](https://discord.gg/YUPK8UsBy4).
